Best YouTube Player
I have more subscribers
Which means I have more skills
. This game is a bit difficult
It's just like (Dark Souls)
I asked you to challenge me seriously
Give me a real game
They gave me a real challenge
Hey Bodipay, you must play "I want to be a man" It's a very difficult game, just like (DarkSouls)
Oh My God
I want to be a man movie: game
If you jump by "Shift", what are these settings of the hell control
I must be able to shoot if. Well, I appreciate
Okay
well, okay. "This game is difficult as they say"
AAAAAAAMMM
It does not matter, zero times death, to do this again.
Well, here we are
"This game is very difficult"
See how tough the game was
Trap is easy - anyone can understand this nonsense
Stay away from me, O dreaded trap.
Well, next level
Zero times death
This is the easiest game in my life. I just have to stand here.
Oh Wow. This is very difficult (ironically)
This, almost, is absolutely impossible
Well, I wonder what you will do next
Well, run
Oh Wow. Ooooh
What was the right of that marriage? Shut up, what's this?
How the hell can I do that?
I touched that nipple of mine
I liked. Do it again, please. come back! I love you.
I love you, please stay with me I want to--
You have sinned me, O uncle.
This is not difficult,
This is a collection of patterns that children play
Anyone can succeed by, anyone.
Give me a challenge that requires skills
Of these magic fingers, well, give it to me
Screw you
What the hell am I doing?
He hits me anyway. what should I do
Oh my God, this is very boring
I have to wait for this nonsense every time.
Uh, wait. I can not swear because I will not make money from the video that I did. I mean no, this--
go Go
Skip there, do not jump! you idiot !
Did not jump, what is the right to marry you?
Understand, now, understand
I knew it before I ever started
I just wanted to pretend that I was bad so that you would not feel bad about yourselves.
Just to feel, oh, it can not be that brilliance
I am proficient
Well, watch this
First time playing this game
I bet you had to watch lessons to play this game.
Oh, Wow. I won in Dark Souls the third time I played
Really, have you seen people play it on YouTube? Because that does not count
You did not jump
Wait, can he jump twice?
Yes I understand. You can play with easy mode.
There is nothing wrong
There is nothing wrong, because I am the man
Double jump
Well see this
Why not come now
How are you supposed to cut all the distance
How do?!
This game is very stupid
My God
I love to be sure, this is aggressive
All other games you do not have to think about
They did not play Zelda before they got up
My God, this is my enemy
Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go,
hit me
How do I go there?
I walk down, jump
What happened to the double jump?
Do you think that I was walking down?
stupidity
This game is silly, silly game, silly
I mean it
Do not touch the surface almost
I mean this
The thing. Understand it. Understand it now! Understand it now!
Look at me, look at me
Well, look
Let me back down
This is the first phase
I'm free to walk here but just to get to a certain point
The thing works
There
But how do you really love the--
How are you supposed to jump those jump?
How do? How supposed
To jump
Skip
How can this be physically possible
There must be a way
Thus, these things are built in the Caliphate, there must be a way of using them
There is a secret to them
Learn, understand, understand before you understand it
Let's start
Understand, understand, okay? I do not want you to tell me
Oh biodepay all you have to do, it's very clear
It's very clear, Bodhi
no no no
Watch it
genius
Very clever, did you see that nonsense
I have defeated the game
The game was also defeated, it was easy
Well Well
Can we continue now? Easy! This game is easy
We have not reached the place of preservation yet
There will be a trap near the place of preservation
Not at the time of my observation
I got it. I got it.
This screw fell off
what is this? We'll go up
Wow, oh, will the apples attack me?
Oh, wow, let me think, will the water make me survive?
Do not die in water, good
Now what I have to do
Biody resentment
It is better not to have two apples in the nail
If there are two arguments in this screw
This guy will not be happy
You are bad
Well, we knew
And the most important
Well, these apples can not be trusted
They will extrude vertically
Oh, yeah, that's right
I will call you
Well, you can not shoot on the apples
but it's okay
Damn Lamk
When the apples kill everything
Shut up, apples
Dess, what did you just say?
Has anyone ever died before an apple?
I have to influence these apples
This game depends on the effect on the apples
See for him wonderful skills
Well, Anzer, oh, Wow apples
I see a step forward
I thought they would shoot vertically
But they did not shoot
Oh, my God, I do not trust this apple for a second
Wonderful
Just what I wanted
Well, let's take it easy
Take it easy, thank you, we can do it
To silence, you have to affect all the apples
And will not come after
Old trick, my grandfather told me
Hey, if you do not come, touch all the apples
I know you're saying, "Oh Biodepi is giving up now
He can not do it, I can do whatever I want
AAA, you can not jump this jump
Not today, you comet, well, you're fine, you comet, you won this tour
AAA, the game is tough because you have to consider how it works
You searched for it online
But it's okay because I'm good enough
Come, comet, come on, comet, come on, you comet
Do not want to live forever
Guilty of eye
Well, we must affect these apples as much as possible
Not today, not today, O apples, not today
Because I am an expert on apples
Oooh the culprit, Oooh the culprit, Oooh, Oooh, no, no, this is not you sinner
They follow you, are you kidding me? , what the hell ?
Not today, lady apple
I will affect these too, I do not have time
Oh my God, well, here it is, Mr. Comet, please
Oh no
No, no
Noga (not in Swedish)
I love you
Oahu Jesses
Noga (not in Swedish)
AAA, I was about to survive, zero dead Owah
Come on, come on, come on, come on, Oooh, Owoh
This game is very difficult
It continues in my appendices, it continues in my appendices,
For
why are you doing this ?? Why
Stay away from me, just stay here, you can not touch here Ooh, ohhaha
And finally
Goodbye, oh, oh, ohh no
Can not you change the __?
leave me alone
Good-bye
Well, well, let's take it gently and easily, I can shoot
Can I jump to the link
I can jump here, okay, I'm safe, my God, okay, okay? , Let 's go .... OWAH: O
Save, silence on your sword, Sheikh, thank you
My God
Oh my God in a funny way
what is this game ? It 's very easy, my God
Give me the sword
The game calls me backward
I will end the episode here, but we have not finished yet
It's just the beginning of your apples
Do you think you can defeat me? the best player in the world
Leave an impress if you want the second part
Translating DOFLAMINGO DZ